I had like that choked up real tight
feeling in my throat ozug oh thank you
buddy that's so nice of you hello my
friends welcome to my review of the
graveyard girl swamp Queen palette it is
so exciting to be back and filming if
you don't know what you probably do we
were on a very long road trip vlogs have
been all over the channel I love my
vlogs but I am ready to get back to some
makeup content I don't know about you
but I missed the makeup content on the
channel there's a few more vlogs left
coming out vlogs will be done and all
the all makeup from here on in so if
you're still here thank you for sticking
through the vlogs I appreciate it so
much let's go ahead and jump into the
review of the graveyard girl palette I
am a huge bunny fan I have loved bunny
from graveyard girl for a very very long
time so I was so excited to see that she
came out with a palette collaboration
with Tarte now let me give you a little
back story with tart tart eyeshadows
don't typically last a very long time on
me so I was very hesitant to buy this
palette just because it's tart now a lot
of people have great luck with tart
eyeshadows so if that's you then of
course this won't apply to you but for
me I've had trouble with the lasting
power of them they go on very nicely but
the lasting power has not been so good
so I just wanted to preface the video
with that now this palette let's talk
about the packaging packaging is awesome
it is very very very hard packaging the
magnetic closure is very good I don't
have it opening up on me it's wonderful
it's got a nice giant mirror and when I
open this up the first time I didn't
realize there was print on the inside it
says believe in yourself love yourself
embrace your individuality and I
seriously almost teared up like I well I
was kind of tearing up I almost cried
like I had like that choked up real
tight feeling in my throat it was like
ooh thank you buddy that's so nice of
you you know I just it just was a really
nice thing to put in there and I just I
don't know I wasn't expecting it at
caught me off-guard and it was looking
so sweet it also does come with a brush
I did use this brush today and you'll
see that in the little mini demo slash
tutorial ish thing that I do it is a
very nice brush it's very you
full iover all very much liked art
brushes i have never had a problem with
a tart brush before i don't go out of my
way to buy them because they can't can
tend to be very pricey but i do and i
did enjoy this brush it is a little bit
small for my lids but i think this is a
really nice inclusion because if you do
have smaller eyelids this will work for
you it's just someone with bigger lids
like me it takes a little bit longer to
pack on the color but it's definitely
not a deal-breaker for me on the brush
of course like i said i love the mirror
the shades in here you get a bronzer
that does have some sparkle in it you
get some blush that does have some
sparkling it more than the bronzer and
then you get a highlight that has a lot
of sparkle in it then you get nine eyes
shadows of those shadows there are 1 2 3
matte shades those shades are natural
peaches big baby and man cat or your
matte shades haunting is almost a matte
shade it does have a little tiny bit of
shimmer in it and then you've got ones
that have some glitter in them you have
sippy sippy has very very large gold
glitters you've got dog man that has
some very fine gold glitters and then
you've got some metallic ii shimmery
shades the hashtag s FS sassy bun and
uncommon are your shimmery shades so the
way this goes i'm going to go ahead and
show you how i got this look today using
shades i try to use as many shades as I
could from this palette for this look
today so let's go ahead and watch that
now I just want to stay in the Sun where
I'm fine
I know it's art sometimes pieces of
beasts in the Suns peace of mind
I know it's art sometimes
yeah think about me
but it's fun too
on my enemies you
Oh
my momma
I died for you that's easy to say we
have a list of people that we would take
a bullet for them a bullet for you a
bullet for everybody in this room but
they don't seem to see many bullets
coming through tea many mothers coming
through metaphorically on the man but
literally I don't know what I do I live
for you and that's all you do is another
they said when you know even when you
miss another with people back home
would you
so as you can see the shades went on
very very easily for the eyeshadow
shades I did use I think every single
shade in this top section did not use
the purpley shades for this look but I
have used them in the past so I can
review them as you can see the cheek
shades went on extremely extremely
extremely pigmented like really
pigmented you can see this highlighter
from space like Gator wings is one of
those from space shades it's insane like
if you're looking for a nice subtle
going to work everyday highlight that is
not cater wings and even does this thing
really work really has a good solid glow
in it
this sweet tea shade is a little more
subtle but if you you have to really
enjoy that orangie bronzer on your
skintone in order to enjoy that for the
eyeshadows my favourite shades in here
are definitely sassy bun I really like
uncommon those two are probably my
favorites hashtag s FS isn't quite as
awesome as I want it to be on the lid it
swatches very nicely but on the lid it
just kind of falls a little flat for me
the matte shades are very nice
especially man cat I really really like
man cat natural peaches is very typical
it's it's not it doesn't blow my socks
off big baby doesn't blow my socks off
haunting is also a very very nice shade
but it takes a little bit to build it up
now let me tell you a little about sippy
sippy we're into a little demo with
sippy sippy I was getting ready on
periscope before I left for vacation and
someone had said hey Jen do me a favor
take sippy sippy swatch it on your
finger and then blow on it and see what
happens I was like what are you talking
about that's crazy but I did it and I'm
going to do the same thing for you and
you can do it at your house so you do
this and you've got this nice gold thick
big glitter and then you blow on it
and most of the glitter falls away and
that's what happens with sippy sippy as
you use it as you could see in the
little demo I did use sippy sippy in the
corner and that glitter really does go
away it's not it's very deceiving it
being in there because it doesn't last
at least the big chunky glitters don't
laugh so that's kind of disappointing
lasting power for this for me is typical
to tardive shadows they don't last on me
same thing with the the blushes the
blushes lasts better than the eyeshadows
but overall I am thankful to have this
palette it's just it's it could be
better it's good it's a good palette but
it definitely could be better especially
in the longevity of it and the quality
of some of the shadows just isn't quite
where I wish that they were but I do
enjoy it and I think bunny did a
fantastic job picking out the shades and
and I don't know if she got help with
this but if she did this on her own
without a makeup artist big props to
bunny on that because the shades are
really nice they work very very well
together I definitely used these over
here together like this L shape here
maybe also got one of the liquid
lipsticks from the collection this is
Texas toast and I really like this
formula a lot and and I know there's a
lot of people that do not like it I
personally really really love it it's
just what what do you like itll liquid
lipstick for me I want something that's
comfortable at least as comfortable as
possible I do really enjoy the matte
look and I don't really care as much
about lasting power as I care about the
opacity and the comfort of it this does
not have a phenomenal lasting power it
is not kiss proof it does not dry down
completely and I am okay with that
that's just me personally the only other
lip paint that I have is namaste that's
the only one of these tart lip paints
that I have and I really like namaste a
lot as well I have heard there are some
bleeding issues where the color bleeds
out of the lip line for some of the
deeper shades I don't own any so I can't
speak to that I can say I have not had
that problem with Texas toast and I
really like it a lot I love the way that
looks on my skin tone I do have a little
bit of a tan now after my vacation so I
you know this isn't my natural skin tone
but I do like it all
natural skin tone I actually like it
better on my tan skin tone but I
honestly I can't say anything bad about
it other than the fact that it doesn't
dry down and if that bothers you you
won't like it as far as the scent there
is a very mild minty ish chemically foot
Rubby kind of scent to it which is not
super pleasant but I don't smell it on
my lips I only smell if I really smell
it on the tube on the tube on the doe
foot applicator so for me that's not a
deal-breaker but it definitely is not a
great scent to it I can tell they're
trying to go like for like a chocolate
mint but it definitely it didn't work at
all I am really liking it so it's a
recommend for me if you like the same
things I do it's recommend and then the
palate is also a recommend if you like
tart eyeshadows and you don't have a
problem with the lasting power so that's
my review of the graveyard girl
collection - the one lip liquid lipstick
I hope you enjoyed it if you did don't
forget to hit the subscribe button so
that you don't miss more of my content
now that we're back to beauty god I'm so
excited coming up lots and lots more
reviews what's up and makeup this
weekend we have a rewind show coming
definitely stay tuned for that and mad
love to you I will see you in a video
soon
Oh